[Music]
men and women are different that's a
fact and there's a good reason why men
and women are thought to be from
different planets the way we think and
act is so different there's no wonder we
can hardly understand each other
sometimes an internal topic soap and
here it comes today we've got ten
differences between men and women every
joke has some truth but don't take them
very seriously when our friend gets in a
relationship all we can say is oh my god
I'm so happy for you he is adorable you
are adorable you are so cute together
for us it's like wow you got a
girlfriend man is she blind or something
well here is my desktop yes all these
are important here is some work folders
well just a few some photos of me photos
of you cats dogs birds also a new movie
I wanted to watch my last work reports
wait what is this one hmm
never mind I might need it in the future
I will keep it in a prominent place
right here just in case my computer My
Documents trash done our fridges are
always neat and perfect food never ends
it seems we can feed the whole army of
hungry soldiers if we wanted to yes we
can oh I thought there was that piece of
leftover pizza uh never mind
I'll just make eggs with bacon plate
there are no eggs can anyone order a
pizza
Fernan should match the armchair the
armchair should match the carpet the
carpet should match the bed cover and
the bed covers and magic pillows that
are matching the tray what's so
difficult here huh wait I can hear my
phone ringing somewhere mom have you
seen my phone no mom there's no mess in
my room I know where everything is well
I know I know I was going to throw all
these away clean meat perfect
hey you don't even think of breathing in
my car there is nothing superfluous in
my bathroom a face scrub body scrub this
one removes old skin from my elbows and
this one makes my feet soft some gel
cream facemask hair mask what are you
looking at this tiny bottle helps my
eyebrows look perfect soap shampoo
shower gel three-in-one perfect can I
clean the bathroom with this one as well
just asking oh this is the pearl of my
house there's only one problem I had
nothing to wear and welcome to the man
cave where all my toys live oh I think
I'm falling sick it's time to stay at
home and make some chicken soup oh I
think I'm falling sick honey bring the
paper it's time to write a will
ah the most impressive scene no way this
is the most impressive ever I left my
house wearing my new whoo jacket that I
had bought last summer in Paris and I
saw a man with an umbrella crossing the
road in front of the new bakery have you
tried those croissants they are amazing
so I decided to go to work by car
because it was going to rain and I
didn't want to spoil my new jacket so I
took out my car keys and thought where
did I park my car and that's when I
realized there was no car I wanted sole
in it I was trying to find my phone to
call the police but my bag was such a
mess hurler my car had been stolen I
called the police so do any of your
friends relate to any of these and share
this video with them and if you're
visiting our channel for the first time
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
you
[Music]